		Scan vs Query API Calls

	What is a Query?
	- A query operation finds items in a table using only primary key attribute values.
	- You must provide a partition attribute name and a distrinct value to search for

	You can optionally provide a sort key attribute name and value, and use a comparison operator to refine the search results

	By default, a Query returns all of the data attributes for items with the specified primary key(s);

	However, you can use the ProjectionExpression parameter so that the Query only returns some of the attributes rather than all of them

	Query results are always sorted by the sort key. If the data type of the sort key is a number, the results are returned in numeric order

	Otherwise, the results are returned in order of ASCII character code values

	By default, the sort order is ascending. 

	To reverse the order, set the ScanIndexForward parameter to false

	By Default, is eventually consistent but can be changed to be strongly consistent

	What is a Scan?

	- A Scan operation examines every item in the table. By default, a Scan returns all of the data attributes for every item; however, you can use the ProjectionExpression parameter so that the Scan only returns some of the attributes, rather than all of them.

	What should I use? Query vs Scan?

	Generally, a Query operation is more efficient than a Scan operation

	A Scan operation always scans the entire table, then filters out values to provide the desired result, essentially addin gthe extra step of removing data from the result set.

	Avoid using a Scan operation on a large table with a filter that removes many results, if possible.

	Also, as a table grows, the Scan operation slows. 

	The Scan operation examines every item for the requested values, and can use the up provisioned throughput for a large table in a single operation.

	For quicker response times, design your tables in a way that can use the Query, Get, or BatchGetItem APIs, instead

	Alternatively, design your application to use Scan operations in a way that minimizes the impact on your table's request rate

	Query and Scans Exam Tips

	- A Query operation finds items in a table using only primary key attribute values.
	- You must provide a partition key attribute name and a distinct value to search for.

	A Scan operation examines every item in the table.

	By default, a Scan returns all of the data attributes for every item;

	However, you can use the ProjectionExpression parameter so that the Scan only returns some of the attributes, rather than all of them.

	Query results are always sorted by the sort key in ascending order. 

	Set ScanIndexForward parameter to false to reverse it.

	

