Introduction to Simple Workflow Service

EXAM TIP
- Know the difference between SWF and SQS

Amazon Simple Workflow Service (Amazon SWF) is a web service that makes it easy to coordinate work across distributed application components. Amazon SWS enables applications for a range of use cases, including media processing, web application back-ends, business process workflows, and analytics pipelines, to be designed as a coordination of tasks.

Tasks represent invocations of various processing steps in an application which can be performed by executable code, web service calls, human  actions, and scripts.

Workers are programs that interact with Amazon SWS to get tasks, process received tasks, and return the results.

The decider is a program that ocntrols the coordination of tasks, ie. their ordering, concurrency, and scheduling according to the application logic.

The workers and the decider can run on cloud infrastructure, such as Amazon EC2, or on machines behind firewalls. Amazon SWF brokers the interactions between workers and the decider.

It allows the decider to get consistent views into the progress of tasks and to initiate new tasks in an angoing manner.

At the same time, Amaozn SWS stores tasks, assigns them to workers when they are ready, and monitors their progress.

It ensures that a task is assigned only once and is never duplicated.

Since Amazon SWF maintains the application's state durably, workers and decider dont have to keep track of execution state.

They can run independently and scale quickly.

The main difference between SWF and SQS is that a task is assigned only once and is never duplicated. In SQS there is a message timeout, and a task can be assigned multiple times as well as duplicated.

SWF Domains

Your workflow and activity types and the workflow execution itself are all scoped to a domain. Domains isolate a set of types, executions, and task lists from others with the same account.

You can register a domain by using the AWS Management Console or by using the RegisterDomain action in the Amazon SWF API

EXAM TIP
Maximum Workflow can be 1 year and the value is always measured in seconds.
SQS only has a 12 hour window

SWF vs SQS

Amazon SWF presents a task-oriented API, whereas Amazon SQS offers a message-oriented API

Amazon SWF ensures that a task is assigned only once and is never duplicated

With Amazon SQS, you need to handle duplicated messages and may also need to ensure that a message is processed only once

Amazon SWF keeps track of all the tasks and events in an application. With Amazon SQS, you need to implement your own application-level tracking, especially if your application uses multiple queues.

EXAM TIP
If the question has something to do with human interaction its probably talking about SWF