LaunchCode Application

https://www.launchcode.org/learners/courses/s-4JnIwp6u4/course_applications/new

What is your favorite web framework and why?
Currently


Chavacan1*
What Java or C# projects do you have on github?

The Java projects on my github consist primarily of the applications created during my coding bootcamp. The are a lot of small applications that are designed to enforce the core java fundamentals. There also some applications that incorporate the Spring Framework. Spring boot, Spring REST, and ... were utilized to create applications that called Rest APIs. These API applications are connected to a MySQL database . Lastly, there are applications using the AWS JDK 

How did you first become interested in programming? 

My journey to programming begins in a nightclub in San Francisco. Working as a waitress in a popular nightclub I was amazed that I got paid to party. The more fun I had the more people tipped me. It seemed almost surreal. Eventually, I sMy journey to programming begins in a nightclub in San Francisco. Working as a waitress in a popular nightclub I was amazed that I got paid to party. The more fun I had the more people tipped me. It seemed almost surreal. Eventually, I started wondering more about what kind of work the people who frequented the VIP sections. One of the regulars suggested I learn Javascript. The next semester I signed up for a javascript course and I struggled horribly. I felt like all my classmates were significantly smarter than me. tarted wondering more about what kind of work the people who frequented the VIP sections did. One of the regulars suggested I learn Javascript. The next semester I signed up for a javascript course and I struggled horribly. I seemed like all my classmates were significantly smarter than me. For the next few years I tried to learn programming on my own hopping from language to language but wasn't making substantial progress. One day I received the opportunity to attend a coding bootcamp in Bali. Learn to code!? Bali!?  Yes, yes, and all the way yes.
Attending the bootcamp helped me fill some of the biggest gaps in my progress. My coding went from just memorizing syntax to actually creating meaningful applications. Creating something that people can use and appreciate is one of the most amazing aspects of working in tech.



